h1. JSSpec Skeleton

p. I've found that I needed this on several projects, so this is a simple skeleton for getting javascript testing going quickly.

h3. Depedencies

* serve (sudo gem install serve)

h3. Manifest

* *README.textile*: You're looking at it!
* *jsspec.rake*: Stick this somewhere where it will get loaded and you can run specs using "rake spec:js". When you want to kill the serve process, run "rake spec:js:kill"
* *javascripts/_layout.haml*: Specs are run using serve, and this is the layout file for the files to be run in.
* *javascripts/default_spec.haml*: Sample spec file. All spec files to be run must end in "_spec.haml".
* *javascripts/view_helpers.rb*: Provides some default view helpers (like #javascripts and #javascript_tag).
* *javascripts/assets directory*: Includes prototype, lowpro, a spec_helper, and all the code for JSSpec.
* *javascripts/assets/spec_helper.js*: Stick javascript helper methods in your tests here. One is already provided (Element.fireNative). You can use it like $('some_div').fireNative('click') to work around prototypes broken Event.fire.
* *javascripts/ajax directory*: Contains some files if you wish to test Ajax calls. One with no response, and the other with text that will show up in the Ajax response.

h3. Usage

p. Stick the javascripts in spec/javascripts and put the jsspec.rake file somewhere where it will get loaded. Then just start writing specs and run them with "rake spec:js". When you are done, kill the serve process by running "rake spec:js:kill".

h3. License

p. Copyright (c) 2009, Steve Iannopollo

p. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

p. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

p. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

